Prepare Repo for 46.1 (#953)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: README.md

and develop portions of the specification not completed for the LDML45 Tech Preview release.
The `main` branch of this repository contains changes implemented since the technical preview.

Implementers should be aware of the following normative changes during the v46.1 tech preview period.
See the [commit history](https://github.com/unicode-org/message-format-wg/commits) 
after 2024-11-20 for a list of all commits (including non-normative changes).

In addition to the above, the test suite is significantly modified and updated.

## Implementations

- Java: [`com.ibm.icu.message2`](https://unicode-org.github.io/icu-docs/apidoc/dev/icu4j/index.html?com/ibm/icu/message2/package-summary.html), part of ICU 76, is a _tech preview_ implementation of the MessageFormat 2 syntax, together with a formatting API. See the [ICU User Guide](https://unicode-org.github.io/icu/userguide/format_parse/messages/mf2.html) for examples and a quickstart guide.
- C/C++: [`icu::message2::MessageFormatter`](https://unicode-org.github.io/icu-docs/apidoc/released/icu4c/classicu_1_1message2_1_1MessageFormatter.html), part of ICU 76, is a _tech preview_ implementation of MessageFormat 2.

> - JavaScript: [`messageformat`](https://github.com/messageformat/messageformat/tree/master/packages/mf2-messageformat) 4.0 implements the MessageFormat 2 syntax, together with a polyfill of the runtime API proposed for ECMA-402.

Reviewer: The path has changed a bit.
```suggestion
- JavaScript: [`messageformat`](https://github.com/messageformat/messageformat/tree/main/mf2/messageformat) 4.0 implements the MessageFormat 2 syntax, together with a polyfill of the runtime API proposed for ECMA-402.
```
